spec.md, before:

# Specifications for the Sinatra Assessment

Specs:
- [x] Use Sinatra to build the app
- [ ] Use ActiveRecord for storing information in a database
- [ ] Include more than one model class (list of model class names e.g. User, Post, Category)
- [ ] Include at least one has_many relationship (x has_many y e.g. User has_many Posts)
- [ ] Include user accounts
- [ ] Ensure that users can't modify content created by other users
- [ ] Ensure that the belongs_to resource has routes for Creating, Reading, Updating and Destroying
- [ ] Include user input validations
- [ ] Display validation failures to user with error message (example form URL e.g. /posts/new)
- [ ] Your README.md includes a short description, install instructions, a contributors guide and a link to the license for your code

Confirm
- [ ] You have a large number of small Git commits
- [ ] Your commit messages are meaningful
- [ ] You made the changes in a commit that relate to the commit message
- [ ] You don't include changes in a commit that aren't related to the commit message

Commit message:

trying to validate entry of new subjects

spec.md, after:

# Specifications for the Sinatra Assessment

Specs:
- [x] Use Sinatra to build the app  - sinatra is used
- [x] Use ActiveRecord for storing information in a database  - AR is used
- [x] Include more than one model class (list of model class names e.g. User, Post, Category)  -  4 class models
- [x] Include at least one has_many relationship (x has_many y e.g. User has_many Posts)  - multiple has-many. Student has many subjects
- [x] Include user accounts  - user account for students and teacher
- [x] Ensure that users can't modify content created by other users  - students can only modify their own information.
- [x] Ensure that the belongs_to resource has routes for Creating, Reading, Updating and Destroying  - student belongs to teacher and has all CRUD routes
- [x] Include user input validations - cannot submit login form without all entries
- [ ] Display validation failures to user with error message (example form URL e.g. /posts/new)  - auto message given for leaving a field blank
- [x] Your README.md includes a short description, install instructions, a contributors guide and a link to the  license for your code  - done

Confirm
- [x] You have a large number of small Git commits  - I think so
- [x] Your commit messages are meaningful  - yes
- [x] You made the changes in a commit that relate to the commit message  - yes
- [x] You don't include changes in a commit that aren't related to the commit message  - generally, yes. Probably a few commits where message and code isn't 100% in sync.
